OAuth: Add setting to skip org assignment for external users (#34834)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

`auto_assign_org_role = Viewer`

### skip_social_org_role_assign

> Skip forced assignment of OrgID `1` or `auto_assign_org_id` for social logins.
> This allows to manually distribute users with social login to multiple organizations.
> Otherwise, the users' organization would be reset on every new login e.g. via AzureAD.
> Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skip forced assignment of OrgID `1` or `auto_assign_org_id` for social logins. Default is `false`.
Use this setting to distribute users with a social login to multiple organizations.
Otherwise, the users' organization would get reset on every new login, for example, via AzureAD.
```

Reviewer 2: thank you very much for the feedback!
I replaced my original draft with your suggestion :blush:
